[Mason Robbins]
Sprint 1: During this whole sprint I was just trying to figure out what we actually wanted to make so I could start making a map for it. During the map creation process I had some trouble figuring out how to use the terrain drawing feature, but with a little assistance I figured it out and was able to get to work. Overall, we don't know what we're trying to aim for when making features in terms of specific methods so we're just trying to get things working.

Sprint 2: During this sprint I spent most of my time mapping or helping the rest of the team with other features. I had some issues during this time trying to figure out how to layer things, and also how to get the tilemap quick draw to work properly still. I ended up getting a rough draft of the introduction area drawn out and merged into the project, but didn't like how it turned out and started trying to figure out how to improve it and fix everything wrong with it. During this time I'm also trying to figure out how much I want the maps to be explorable, but I end up deciding that I'll just add collisions to the trees so the player can have (mostly) free roam access. A work in progress remake begins creation during this time and looks much better the more it is worked on. I didn't get as much done as I would have liked during this sprint to be honest, but it was better than nothing.

Sprint 3: During this sprint we all started to realize how quickly the end of our time on this project was coming. I'm starting to get concerned about whether or not we're going to actually have a functional game, but I have some form of hope that we'll pull through. I also question why we need a group sprint retro, as well as a singular sprint retro for the each of us, and a reflection on top of those two other reflections, does that seem slightly redundant or is it just me? Anyway, during this time I'm spending less time mapping than I am trying to confirm things for the rest of the team. I'm reading over the rubric and trying to clean things up to very little avail, but something is better than nothing again. 

Sprint 4: During this time I make a lot of progress in the mapping, and now that the rest of the team is starting to finish up getting what they can into the game, I can get to work polishing things and putting it all together. During this time we get a broken inventory system, decent custom sprites, dialogue that works properly, a few dangers for the player, and lots of lighting and visual improvements. Unfortunately, during this time we're all panicking and realizing how few points we're going to get for all the work we've put in because it doesn't all follow the requirements down to the fine print. We still need to write all of the documentation and we have a group member who hasn't participated for the entire project, but we still keep him around. Since we can't get him to do what we need him to do, and if we do, not reliably, we cannot get him to write his own documentation which will in turn lose us points. Nonetheless, the team works to the bell and even stays after the last day. As some final touches I figured I'd rework a lot of the game for the team in hopes that I can salvage it to a workable state, and I think I did quite well. I fixed everything that they had made but was broken, added an ending, made the rest of the maps and collisions, as well as improved some systems for the game. At most I'm hoping we can pull off a high C as a grade for this, but that's mostly hoping for the sake of my teammates because my grade is relatively safe either way. I think in the end I realized that if I really dedicated myself to this I probably could have helped out a lot more than I did even though I still was a good teammate, and if I were to do this again I'd try and work by the rubric instead of just trying to make things work.

Final Thoughts: This project was a mess to be completely clear. The whole time we were working was spent trying to figure out how to do just about anything to the game and actually have it work. We didn't make the best of every single moment we had, and we didn't look at the rubric as a guide soon enough so we've just fallen short. What our game is now after I've gone and fixed everything is as close to finished as it's going to get. There aren't any enemies or a combat system or a save system, but there is a decent GUI, some pretty good looking levels, some decent challenges in the form of mazes and somewhat dangerous seeming areas, 4 things to collect, an ending, some form of magic/equipment with the speed boosters, a plethora of NPC's with dialogue (Though it isnt too intelligent of a system), controls tooltips in the settings menu, and a couple other things I can't think of off of the top of my head. This game was more of a learning experience than a real product if I were to describe it to you. After pouring almost 8 hours on a Sunday night into finishing it up, I think I can confidently say that it's a trainwreck, but it's a labor of love, and it feels good to be done with it. My final realization in the end of this is that maybe I'm a little more competent than I thought I was, and that's better than nothing.
